hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2001 comedy Zoolander which
has a sequel coming out February 12th
so hopefully this summary will get you
ready for the next film the film follows
Derek Zoolander a dim-witted male model
famous for his various looks like blue
steel and leti gray which pretty much
looked the exact same Derek however has
fallen from the top of the male fashion
world to be replaced by a new star
Hanzel Derek's reputation is further
ruined by an article wrote by the
journalist Matilda Jeffries after losing
his roommates in a gasoline explosion
which they happen to cause themselves
Derek retires from modeling and tries to
reconnect with his father and brothers
who work in the coal mines
however they reject Derek a fashion
mogul named Luke got to and Derek's
agent Maury becoming involved in a
secret plot by the top tier of the
fashion industry in order to find a
model who can be brainwashed into
assassinating the prime minister of
malaysia which would allow the fashion
industry to continue using cheap child
labor in malaysia Mugatu hires Derek for
his next runway show and has him sent to
a day spa in order to prepare Erik to be
brainwashed to kill the Malaysian Prime
Minister the journalist Matilda who
feels partially responsible for Derek's
retirement
become suspicious of maga who's offered
to hire Derek and is tipped off by an
anonymous caller that something is up
she tries to warn Derek
but Derek ignores her Matilda follows
Derek to a pre runway party where Derek
is challenged by the new star Hans 'el
Derek loses to Hansel and a walk-off
judge by David Bowie Matilda convinces
Derek to go with her to meet up with the
anonymous caller who turns out to be
former hand model JP Prewitt JP explains
that the fashion industry has all
throughout history been involved in
political assassinations using
brainwashed models to kill the targets
mugatu's henchmen attacks the meeting
however and Derek and Matilda hide at
honza's place because they believe it's
the last place Mugatu would think to
look
Derek Hansell and Matilda
all begin to bond where Mathilda reveals
that she hates models primarily because
as a child she was bullied for being
overweight and that she thinks models
hurt people's self esteems
the three of them end up engaging in a
drug and sex fueled orgy and the next
morning Derek finds that he is falling
in love with Mathilda Derek and honza
later break into the office of Derek's
agent Morey in order to find out more
about the assassination
however they realize they don't know how
to use a computer and leave empty-handed
Derek leaves for the show the one where
the Malaysian Prime Minister will be at
where Derek is supposed to kill him
Derek is aware that there is some
trigger that will cause him to attack
the Prime Minister however he does not
know what the trigger will be once Derek
reaches the runway the DJ begins to play
the song relax which is Derek's trigger
Derek begins to charge at the prime
minister but honza was able to get the
song change preventing the Prime
Minister's death Mugatu tries to cover
up the assassination but Mori steps
forward and confesses incriminating both
Maury and Mugatu Mugatu tries to kill
the Prime Minister with a shuriken but
it is stopped by Derek using his
ultimate model look known as Magnum
causing the shriek and a freeze and fall
to the ground where the Prime Minister
is saved
Mugatu is arrested and the Prime
Minister thanks Derek Beck at Derek's
hometown his family watches the events
unfold and Derek's father proudly
acknowledges his son Derek leaves
fashion to open the Derek Zoolander
Center for kids who can't read good and
want to learn to do other stuff good -
and we see Derek and Matilda have their
own son named Derek Zoolander jr. who is
working on his own modelling looks so
that was the spoilers for Zoolander if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alert on our various forms of social
media and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching